let's now look at the basic functions of q3
we also start here with the thistle
therefore from the ignition of the control unit
keep the front button pressed
until the control unit flashes blue in
this case is already on to go to it
turn off we hold down the same
red flashing button
the control unit is already turned off is
easy
let's see how another is connected
central q3 another nacar centers
from ours then we turn on ok
once we switch on the control unit we keep
pressed the full power button which
you don't see that it is flashing red
we do the same thing also on
second control unit then we press ok e
then we press the button again
of ignition until red flashing
let's wait a few seconds
perfect as you have seen now
ECUs have been recognized and yes
are connected it denotes the flashing
simultaneous control unit LEDs for
go and activate the one that the
intercom mode on ours
our control units once switched on
device can also be exploited in
this case the vocal activation therefore
speak into the microphone or go to
press the front button once
which is always the saying button
multifunction of this control unit e
wait a few seconds where a beep
will indicate the beginning of ours
communication
now let's see how it matches a
mobile to our q3 then turn on
perfect now let's press for about
5 seconds the key more than in the part
rear of the control unit in the part
upper then press the plus button
in this case the red and blue LED there
indicate by age of affiliation
let's go to the bluetooth menu
of our phone
we are looking for a new scale device
rider q3 has already appeared just click
as you see it is already connecting here
now we already have our control unit
connected to the scalar to the mobile
here we always go to turn on the
more key unit we put in
affiliation with our control unit we access
always at least bluetooth of ours
navigator
let's look for a scale device
rider q3 has already appeared perfect already
connected from this moment
just turn on our intercom
with the navigator in operation and the
connection will be automatic